## Various useful functions

### Game analytics

The `run` function within `run_analysis.py` is a helper function for analyzing optimized win-distributions. 
**Note:** This program assumes a specific format for optimized game lookup tables, as generated by the provided optimization algorithm. Additionally, automatic generation of hit-rates and simulation counts assumes the existence of a `force_record_<mode>.json` file, where wins have been recorded with the keys:
```python
'symbol': '<name>',
'kind' : '<num_symbols_in_win>'
```
For example within the `Lines` class we record wins with the format:
```python
def record_line(kind: int, symbol: str, mult: int, gametype: str) -> None:
    """Force file description for line-win."""
    gamestate.record({"kind": kind, "symbol": symbol, "mult": mult, "gametype": gametype})
```

A `.xlsx` file is produced detailing the hit-rates, RTP contributions and number of simulations recorded within of pre-defined win-ranges. Assuming that the `gametype` is recorded, hit-rates for game-types matched to `BetMode.criteria` inputs. This allows for visualizing if win-ranges are occurring in or out of the feature game. This is particularly useful when setting `scale_factor` values within the `GameOptimization.scaling` class. 

Valid symbol names are extracted from the `GameConfig.paytable` component. Using recorded `kind` and `symbol` elements, hit-rates, simulation counts and average payout multiplier amounts for a given simulation are generated.

Custom search keys can be passed to the `run()` function, providing the hit-rates for specific events within the `gamestate.record()` function. 


### Analysis

Once a lookup table has been optimized it is often useful to analyze the resulting win-distribution, which is a dictionary where the keys are all ordered, unique payouts and the values represent the probability of obtaining this specific payout value.


### Misc

#### Swap lookups

The optimization algorithm outputs several viable lookup tables with the `<game>/library/optimization_files/` folder. This file provides functions for swapping out weights in the  `<game>/library/lookup_tables/lookUpTable_<mode>_0.csv` file/.

#### Get file hash

Helper functions for printing the SHA256 values of a single file or all non-python files within a directory to console. These values can be compared with SHA values with `config.json` files to check if file contents have been altered.
